                         WIND RIVER LINUX PLATFORM
                         SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT

This Wind River Linux Platform Software License Agreement (the 
"Agreement"), is made between Wind River Systems, Inc. ("Wind River"), 
on the one hand, and the individual accessing or using the Software or 
any single legal entity on behalf of which such individual is acting 
("Customer"), on the other hand.  The effective date of this Agreement 
is the earlier of the date that you accept this Agreement or the date 
that Wind River makes the Products available to you ("Effective Date").

PLEASE READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE DOWNLOADING, ACCESSING, 
INSTALLING OR USING THE PRODUCTS.  BY CLICKING ON THE "I ACCEPT" BUTTON 
YOU: ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTAND THIS AGREEMENT, 
AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ITS TERMS AND CONDITIONS, AND WARRANT YOU HAVE 
AUTHORITY TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT.  IF YOU ARE ACTING ON BEHALF OF 
AN ENTITY, YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU HAVE THE AUTHORITY TO ENTER INTO THIS 
AGREEMENT ON BEHALF OF THAT ENTITY.  IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THE TERMS OF 
THIS AGREEMENT, THEN YOU MUST NOT USE THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES AND YOU 
MUST UNINSTALL AND RETURN THE PRODUCT TO WIND RIVER WITHIN TEN (10) 
DAYS.

IF YOU ARE EVALUATING THE PRODUCT, THE TERMS SPECIFIED IN APPENDIX B 
SHALL APPLY IN ADDITION OF THE TERMS OF THE AGREEMENT AND APPENDIX A.
  
________________________________________________________________________

The parties agree as follows:

1. SCOPE. This framework Agreement governs Wind River's provision to 
Customer of the Products and Services as detailed in the Quote or 
Exhibit. Terms in initial capitalized letters, not defined elsewhere in 
this Agreement, have the meanings set forth in Section 12 (Definitions).

2. LICENSE. Each program, component or application included in the 
Software may be governed by one or more Open Source License(s), as 
specified or referenced in the respective Source Code files.  Without 
limiting the foregoing, for the convenience of Customer, Wind River will 
make available, upon request, applicable licensing information in the 
Linux Foundation's SPDX(R) format. Tools provided to Customer shall be 
licensed under the terms of the attached Appendix A, which is hereby 
incorporated by reference into this Agreement.  

3. SERVICES.
3.1. Support. Customer's payment of the applicable fees entitles 
Customer to Support during the License Term. Support is provided in 
accordance with the terms of Wind River's then current Software Support 
and Maintenance Agreement, which terms are hereby incorporated by 
reference into this Agreement. A copy of the curr ent Software Support 
and Maintenance Agreement can be accessed through Wind River's website: 
http://www.windriver.com/support/SupportTerms.pdf


3.2. Professional Services. Professional services, if included in a 
signed statement of work, will be provided at additional cost and 
subject to Wind River's then current Professional Services Terms and 
Conditions, which terms are hereby incorporated by reference into this 
Agreement. A copy of the current Professional Services Terms and 
Conditions can be accessed through Wind River's website: 
http://windriver.com/services/ProductAgreementServicesAttachment.pdf
 
3.3. Education and Training. Education and training services (e.g., 
mentoring, live or remote classes, etc.), if included in the Quote or 
Exhibit will be provided pursuant to Wind River's then current Education 
Services terms and conditions, which terms are hereby incorporated by 
reference into this Agreement. A copy of the current Education Services 
terms and conditions can be accessed through Wind River's website: 
http://education.windriver.com/content/public/resources/Supplemental_Education_Services_Terms_and_Conditions.pdf

4. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION. Customer will not use or disclose any 
Confidential Information, except as expressly authorized by this 
Agreement, and will protect all such Confidential Information using the 
same degree of care that Customer uses with respect to its own 
proprietary information, but in no event less than reasonable care. If 
Confidential Information must be disclosed to a third party by reason of 
legal, accounting or regulatory requirements beyond the reasonable 
control of Customer, Customer will: (i) assert the confidential nature 
of the information in the action or proceeding; (ii) promptly notify 
Wind River of the order or request; and (iii) permit Wind River (at its 
own expense) to seek an appropriate protective order.

5. TERM AND TERMINATION.  
5.1. Term.  The term of this Agreement will commence upon the Effective 
Date and continue until expiration of the License Term unless earlier 
terminated as set forth herein. The renewal date for all Products and 
Services hereunder will be the last day of the applicable License Term, 
regardless of whether Customer chooses to license additional Products 
during such License Term. Customer must notify Wind River at least 
thirty (30) days prior to the end of the License Term of its request to 
renew its subscription. Unless the parties mutually agree to renew the 
subscription, and Customer pays the then-applicable fees, Customer's 
license to the Tools and entitlement to Support will terminate on the 
last day of the then-current License Term.

5.2. Termination. Either party may terminate this Agreement immediately 
upon notice for the material breach of the other party, which breach is 
curable and has remained uncured for a period of thirty (30) days from 
the date of notice. In addition, Wind River may immediately terminate 
this Agreement if Customer is delinquent on its payment obligations for 
thirty (30) days or more.

5.3. Consequences of Expiration or Termination. Upon expiration of the 
License Term or termination of this Agreement, Customer will: (a) not 
use the Tools for any purpose whatsoever; (b) no longer be entitled to 
receive or have access to Support or other Services; (c) immediately 
destroy or return to Wind River all material belonging to Wind River or 
its licensors, including, without limitation, all Confidential 
Information of Wind River then in Customer's possession; and (d) 
promptly certify to Wind River in writing that Customer has completed 
the actions described in the foregoing subsections. These remedies will 
be cumulative and in addition to any other remedies available to Wind 
River. Sections 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11 and 12 will survive expiration 
or termination of this Agreement.

6. DELIVERY, PAYMENT AND TAXES.
6.1. Delivery and Payment Terms.
6.1.1. The Product will be deemed irrevocably accepted upon shipment. 
When Product is made available to Customer for electronic download 
through access to a website and/or server, shipment will be deemed to 
have occurred at the time of such availability.
6.1.2. Customer will pay Wind River the fees set forth in the applicable 
Exhibit or Quote.  Wind River will invoice Customer the applicable fees 
upon receipt of a correctly issued purchase order from Customer, which 
may coincide with shipment of the Software or Tools. Payment terms 
herein are subject to prior credit approval by Wind River. Customer will 
pay all invoices within thirty (30) days of the date of such invoice in 
U.S. dollars unless otherwise set forth in the applicable Exhibit or 
Quote. Interest on late payments will accrue at the rate of one and 
one-half percent (1.5%) per month or partial month, or, if lower, the 
highest rate permitted by law.  Customer is responsible for reasonable 
costs associated with collection of overdue amounts, including without 
limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees and court costs.  Failure to pay 
any invoice in the manner described in this Section 6 may, at Wind 
River's discretion, be deemed a material breach of this Agreement.
6.1.3. If Products or Services are purchased through an authorized Wind 
River distributor, Customer will be invoiced directly by such 
distributor (and not Wind River), and Customer will pay the distributor 
the applicable fees in accordance with the payment terms agreed to 
between Customer and the distributor.

6.2. Purchase Orders. Unless Products or Services are purchased through 
an authorized Wind River distributor, Customer will submit to Wind River 
a purchase order in the amount specified in the corresponding Exhibit or 
Quote. Any additional or different terms and conditions on the purchase 
order will be of no force or effect. Wind River may reject any purchase 
order that Wind River determines to be outside the scope of this 
Agreement.

6.3. Taxes. All amounts due hereunder will be paid without deduction, 
set-off or counter claim, free and clear of any restrictions or 
conditions, and without deduction for any taxes, levies, imposts, 
duties, fees, deductions, withholdings or other governmental charges.  
If any deduction is required to be made by law, Customer will pay the 
full amount owed to Wind River plus the amount to be deducted, so that 
Wind River will receive the same amount as it would have received had 
the deduction not been required.  If Customer is claiming sales or use 
tax exemption, a valid and fully executed Tax Exempt Certificate must be 
attached to this Agreement or the applicable Quote or Exhibit, or the 
applicable purchase order.  Customer will promptly pay or reimburse all 
taxes (exclusive of taxes on Wind River's net income), duties and 
assessments arising from amounts payable to Wind River under this 
Agreement, or furnish Wind River with evidence acceptable to the taxing 
authority to sustain exemption therefrom.

7. CUSTOMER COMPLIANCE.  Wind River or its designated representative 
will have the right to: (a) require that Customer send a written 
certification of compliance with the terms of this Agreement within 
fifteen (15) days of Wind River's request; and (b) conduct an inspection 
and audit ("Audit") upon reasonable notice of the relevant operational, 
accounting and sales books and records of Customer and any other 
information within Customer's possession or control that is reasonably 
necessary to determine whether Customer has complied with this 
Agreement, and obtain true and correct photocopies of the foregoing 
materials.  Such Audit will be conducted during regular business hours 
at Customer's offices and so as not to interfere unreasonably with 
Customer's normal business activities.  Customer will permit or provide 
for completion of any Audit within forty-five (45) days of notice.  If 
an Audit discloses any underpayment of fees, then Wind River will 
invoice Customer for, and Customer will promptly pay Wind River, the 
underpaid fee amount based on the higher of the price specified in this 
Agreement or Wind River's price list in effect at the time the audit is 
completed, together with late payment interest in accordance with 
Section 6.1 (Delivery and Payment Terms). If an Audit discloses 
underpayment of five percent (5%) or more, then Wind River will also 
invoice Customer for, and Customer will promptly pay, Wind River's 
reasonable costs of conducting the Audit.

8. LIMITED WARRANTY.

8.1. Limited Warranty. The Software is provided "AS IS". In no event 
does Wind River warrant that the Software is error free or that the 
Software will satisfy Customer's own specific requirements. Customer 
assumes full responsibility for: (a) the selection of the Product; (b) 
the proper installation and use of the Products; (c) verifying the 
results obtained from the use of the Products; and (d) taking 
appropriate measures to prevent loss of data.
    
8.2. Warranty Disclaimer.  EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN SECTION 8.1 
ABOVE, WIND RIVER AND ITS LICENSORS DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, 
IMPLIED AND STATUTORY INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED 
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE 
AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS WITH RESPECT TO THE PRODUCTS 
AND SERVICES PROVIDED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT.  NO ORAL OR WRITTEN 
INFORMATION OR ADVICE GIVEN BY WIND RIVER, ITS DEALERS, DISTRIBUTORS, 
AGENTS OR EMPLOYEES WILL IN ANY WAY INCREASE THE SCOPE OF THE WARRANTIES 
PROVIDED BY WIND RIVER IN THIS AGREEMENT OR THE APPLICABLE OPEN SOURCE 
LICENSES.  WIND RIVER DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE QUALITY OR PERFORMANCE 
OF ANY PRODUCT AND SERVICES WILL MEET CUSTOMER'S REQUIREMENTS OR THAT 
CUSTOMER WILL BE ABLE TO ACHIEVE ANY PARTICULAR RESULTS FROM USE OR 
MODIFICATION OF THE PRODUCT, OR THAT THE PRODUCT WILL OPERATE FREE FROM 
ERROR.  WIND RIVER MAKES NO WARRANTY WITH RESPECT TO ANY MALFUNCTIONS OR 
OTHER ERRORS IN ITS PRODUCTS CAUSED BY VIRUS, INFECTION, WORM OR SIMILAR 
MALICIOUS CODE NOT DEVELOPED BY WIND RIVER.  WIND RIVER MAKES NO 
WARRANTY THAT ANY PRODUCTS OF WIND RIVER WILL PROTECT AGAINST ALL 
POSSIBLE SECURITY THREATS, INCLUDING INTENTIONAL MISCONDUCT BY THIRD 
PARTIES.  WIND RIVER IS NOT LIABLE FOR ANY DOWNTIME OR SERVICE 
INTERRUPTION, FOR ANY LOST OR STOLEN DATA OR SYSTEMS, OR FOR ANY OTHER 
DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO ANY SUCH ACTIONS OR INTRUSIONS.  
Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of implied 
warranties or how long an implied warranty may last, so the above 
limitations may not apply to Customer.  This warranty gives Customer 
specific legal rights and Customer may have other rights that vary from 
jurisdiction to jurisdiction.

9. CUSTOMER INDEMNITY. Customer will defend at its expense Wind River 
against any claims, suits, or proceedings brought against Wind River by 
third parties resulting from, in connection with, attributable to any 
Customer product or service incorporating or using the Software, or by 
Customer's direct or indirect end users, and will indemnify Wind River 
for any costs, losses, damages, and expenses (including reasonable legal 
fees) resulting from or in connection with such claim, suit, or 
proceeding. Customer's obligations under this Section are conditioned on 
Wind River: (a) providing Customer prompt notice of such claim, suit, or 
proceeding; (b) tendering to Customer the defense or settlement of any 
such claim, suit, or proceeding at Customer's expense; and (c) 
cooperating with Customer, at Customer's expense, in defending or 
settling such claim, suit, or proceeding.

10. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. WIND RIVER AND ITS LICENSORS WILL NOT BE 
LIABLE TO CUSTOMER OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY LOSS OF PROFITS, REVENUE 
OR GOODWILL, COSTS OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, LOSS 
OR INTERRUPTION OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF ANTICIPATED SAVINGS, OR LOSS OF 
DATA, OR ANY INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR 
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, HOWEVER CAUSED AND REGARDLESS OF THE 
FORM OF ACTION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT 
PRODUCT LIABILITY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY, EVEN IF WIND 
RIVER HAS BEEN ADVISED OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH 
DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT WILL WIND RIVER'S AGGREGATE CUMULATIVE LIABILITY 
FOR ANY CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE 
AMOUNTS PAID TO WIND RIVER BY CUSTOMER FOR THE AFFECTED PRODUCT OR 
SERVICES PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT IN THE TWELVE (12) MONTHS PRECEDING 
THE CLAIM.  Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation 
of incidental or consequential damages so this limitation and exclusion 
may not apply to Customer.

THE LIMITED WARRANTY, LIMITED REMEDIES, WARRANTY DISCLAIMER AND LIMITED 
LIABILITY ARE FUNDAMENTAL ELEMENTS OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN 
WIND RIVER AND CUSTOMER. WIND RIVER WOULD NOT BE ABLE TO PROVIDE THE 
PRODUCTS OR SERVICES WITHOUT SUCH LIMITATIONS.

11. GENERAL.
11.1. Governing Law and Venue. This Agreement will be governed in all 
respects by the laws of the United States of America and the State of 
Delaware, without reference to conflict of laws principles. The United 
Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is 
specifically excluded from application to to this Agreement. All 
disputes arising under this Agreement will be brought exclusively in the 
State of Delaware or of the Federal courts sitting therein, provided, 
however, that the parties will be entitled to seek injunctive relief in 
the appropriate forum. Customer consents to the personal jurisdiction of 
the above courts.
	
11.2. Export Control. All software and technical information delivered 
under this Agreement are subject to U.S. export controls under the 
Export Administration Regulations (the "EAR") or the International 
Traffic in Arms Regulations (the "ITAR") and may be subject to export, 
re-export or import regulations in other countries.  Customer agrees to 
strictly comply with all such laws and regulations. Customer will not 
export or re-export the software and technical information, directly or 
indirectly, to: (a) any countries that are subject to US export 
restrictions (currently including, but not necessarily limited to, Cuba, 
Iran, North Korea, Sudan, and Syria); (b) any end user who Customer 
knows or has reason to know will utilize them in the design, development 
or production of nuclear, chemical or biological weapons, or rocket 
systems, space launch vehicles, and sounding rockets, or unmanned air 
vehicle systems; or (c) any end user who has been prohibited from 
participating in US export transactions by any federal agency of the US 
government. Some of Wind River's products are classified as "restricted" 
encryption products under Section 740.17(b)(2) of the EAR and may not be 
exported or re-exported to government end-users (as defined in Section 
772 of the EAR) outside the countries listed in Supplement No. 3 to Part 
740 of the EAR without authorization from the U.S. government.

11.3. U.S. Government End-Users. All software and any data relating 
thereto or derived therefrom are "commercial items" as defined in 48 
C.F.R. 2.101, consisting of "commercial computer software" and 
"commercial computer software documentation" as such terms are used in 
48 C.F.R. 12.212.  If the end User is a U.S. Government agency, 
department, or instrumentality, then the use, duplication, reproduction, 
release, modification, disclosure or transfer of the Software and any 
data relating thereto or derived therefrom, is restricted in accordance 
with 48 C.F.R. 12.211, 48 C.F.R. 12.212, 48 C.F.R. 227.7102-2, and 48 
C.F.R. 227.7202, as applicable.  Customer will provide the Software to 
the U.S. Government or to U.S. Government end Users only pursuant to an 
end user license agreement in accordance with the terms of this 
Agreement. This U.S. Government end users clause is in lieu of, and 
supersedes, any Federal Acquisition Regulations ("FAR"), the Defense FAR 
Supplement ("DFARS"), or other clause or provision that addresses 
Government rights in computer software or technical data.

11.4. Notices. All notices under this Agreement will be: (a) in writing; 
(b) delivered by personal delivery or certified or registered mail, 
return receipt requested, and deemed given upon personal delivery or 
five (5) days after deposit in the mail.  Notices to Wind River will be 
sent to Wind River Systems, Inc., General Counsel, Legal Affairs, 500 
Wind River Way, Alameda, CA 94501, USA (or such other address designated 
in writing by Wind River), and notices to Customer will be sent to the 
address identified in Customer's purchase order.

11.5. Force Majeure. Neither party will be liable for any failure or 
delay (except for the payment of money) on account of strikes, 
shortages, riots, insurrection, fires, explosions, acts of God, war, 
governmental action, labor conditions, material shortages or any other 
cause which is beyond the reasonable control of such party.

11.6. Use of Customer's Name. Subject to Customer's approval, Wind River 
may identify Customer as a customer of Wind River products or services.

11.7. Assignment. Customer will not assign, transfer or delegate any 
right, license or obligation under this Agreement to a third party, 
directly or indirectly, including by operation of law or through 
bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, sale or transfer of all, substantially 
all or any part of the business or assets of Customer, or undergo a 
change of Control, without first obtaining Wind River's prior written 
consent, which Wind River may withhold in Wind River's sole discretion.  
Any purported assignment, transfer, delegation or change of Control in 
violation of this Section 11.7 (Assignment) is null and void.  Wind 
River may assign, transfer or delegate this Agreement or any right, 
license or obligation hereunder in its sole discretion.

11.8. Counterparts. In the event th is Agreement is executed with 
signatures, this Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, 
each of which will be deemed an original, but all of which together will 
constitute one and the same instrument. Counterparts to this Agreement 
transmitted by facsimile transmission, by electronic mail in "portable 
document format" (".pdf") form, or by any other electronic means 
intended to preserve the original graphic and pictorial appearance of a 
document, will have the same effect as a signed original of this 
Agreement.

11.9. Waiver. The failure of either party to require performance by the 
other party of any provision hereof will not affect the full right to 
require such performance at any time thereafter; nor will the waiver by 
either party of a breach of any provision hereof be taken or held to be 
a waiver of the provision itself.

11.10. Miscellaneous. This Agreement will not create any agency, 
employment relationship, partnership or other form of joint enterprise 
between the parties. This Agreement and its attachments and exhibits 
constitute the entire agreement between Customer and Wind River and 
supersedes all prior oral or written agreements between the parties with 
respect to the subject matter hereof.  The terms and conditions of any 
purchase order or other instrument issued by Customer in connection with 
this Agreement will be of no force or effect.  This Agreement may only 
be amended by a writing signed by the parties that refers explicitly to 
this Agreement.  If a provision of this Agreement is unenforceable or 
invalid, the provision will be revised so as to best accomplish the 
objectives of the parties.

12. DEFINITIONS. In addition to the terms in initial capitalized letters 
defined elsewhere in this Agreement, the following terms in initial 
capitalized letters have the respective meanings set forth below:

12.1. "Confidential Information" means information disclosed by Wind 
River to Customer, including without limitation, intellectual property, 
software programs, documentation, pricing, current, future, and proposed 
products and services, which is (a) in tangible form and bears a 
"confidential", "proprietary" or similar legend; and (b) discussions 
relating to that information whether those discussion occur prior to, 
concurrent with, or following disclosure of the information. Wind River 
shall make reasonable efforts to mark its confidential information in 
tangible form with any of the aforementioned legends prior to 
disclosure. However, Wind River's information in tangible form that does 
not bear any of these legends, and discussions relating to that 
information, shall nevertheless be protected hereunder as Confidential 
Information, if Customer knew, or should have reasonably known under the 
circumstances, that the information was confidential and had been 
communicated to it in confidence. Confidential Information does not 
include any information that Customer reasonably demonstrates is: (i) 
published or otherwise available to the public other than by breach of 
this Agreement by Customer; (ii) rightfully received by Customer from a 
third party without confidentiality limitations; (iii) independently 
developed by Customer as evidenced by appropriate records; (iv) known to 
Customer prior to its first receipt from Wind River as evidenced by 
appropriate records; (v) hereinafter disclosed by Wind River to a third 
party without restriction on disclosure; or (vi) approved for public 
release by written authorization of Wind River.

12.2. "Control" means: (a) ownership of more than fifty percent (50%) of 
the outstanding stock or securities entitled to vote for the election of 
directors or similar managing authority of the subject entity; (b) 
ownership of more than fifty percent (50%) of the ownership interest 
that represents the right to make decisions for the subject entity; (c) 
any other ability to elect more than half of the board of directors or 
similar managing authority of the subject entity, whether by contract or 
otherwise; or (d) the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power 
to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of the 
subject entity whether through the ownership of voting securities, 
through other voting rights, by contract or otherwise.

12.3. "Exhibit" means an attachment to this Agreement that the parties 
may elect to simultaneously or separately execute from time to time, in 
addition to the Quote, detailing Products and Services to be provided to 
Customer, as well as other business restrictions associated with such 
Products and Services (e.g., Project and Development Locations).

12.4. "License Term" means the term set forth in the Quote or Exhibit or 
one (1) year commencing on the Effective Date if no term is specified.

12.5. "Object Code" means computer programming code in a form not 
readily perceivable by humans and suitable for machine execution without 
the intervening steps of interpretation or compilation. 1 2.6. "Open 
Source License" means a software license under which the Soft ware 
Object Code and/or Source Code is made available under terms that allow 
any licensee to copy, create derivative works and distribute the 
software without any fee or cost, including but not limited to any open 
source license listed by the Open Source Initiative 
(http://www.opensource.org).

12.7. "Product" means Software and Tools. 

12.8. "Quote" means the Wind River final sales quote detailing the 
Products and Services to be provided to Customer, as well as other 
business restrictions associated with such Products and Services (e.g., 
Project and Development Locations).

12.9. "Services" means those services provided by Wind River as detailed 
in the Quote, statement of work or Exhibit, and includes, but is not 
limited to Support, professional services and education services.

12.10. "Software" means the Linux operating system components (such as 
the kernel, BSPs and drivers) and any add-on profiles and other related 
software components, as specified in the Quote or Exhibit and made 
available by Wind River to Customer in Source Code or Object Code form, 
including any updates thereto and all accompanying documentation 
governed by an Open Source License. Software does not include Tools.

12.11. "Source Code" means computer programming code in human readable 
form that is not suitable for machine execution without the intervening 
steps of interpretation or compilation.

12.12. "SPDX" means the Software Package Data Exchange specification for 
communicating the components, licenses and copyrights associated with a 
software package, as developed by the Linux Foundation.

12.13. "Support" means the annual support and maintenance services 
specified in the Quote or Exhibit to be provided by Wind River in 
accordance with Section 3.1 (Support & Maintenance).

12.14. "Tools" means the proprietary Source Code and Object Code and any 
accompanying documentation provided by Wind River under this Agreement 
which is intended for Customer's internal use in accordance with the 
terms of the Tools Agreement in Addendum 1 (e.g., Wind River Workbench). 
Tools shall be deemed "Confidential Information".


                   APPENDIX A - WIND RIVER LINUX PLATFORM
                          TOOLS ADDITIONAL TERMS

1. SCOPE. These terms ("Tools Agreement") govern Customer's rights and 
obligations with respect to the Tools, as specified in the Quote or 
Exhibit. Terms in initial capitalized letters, not defined in the 
Agreement or in this Tools Agreement, have the meanings set forth in 
Section 5 (Definitions). The terms of the Agreement hereby incorporated 
by reference into this Tools Agreement. The terms of this Tools 
Agreement shall supersede any conflicting provisions of the Agreement 
for purposes of such Tools.
 
2. LICENSE GRANTS. Subject to Customer's compliance with the terms and 
conditions of this Tools Agreement and any Quote or Exhibit, and payment 
of the applicable fees, Wind River grants to Customer, during the 
License Term, a restricted, personal, non-transferable, non-exclusive, 
internal-use license:

2.1. for Floating User Development Licenses, to reproduce and use one 
(1) copy of the Tools per Development License on the Supported 
Architecture Family, solely for the number of licensed concurrent 
Floating Users located at each Development Location and specified as 
licensed for such Tools in such Exhibit or Quote;

OR

2.2. for Named User Development Licenses, to reproduce and use one (1) 
copy of the Tools per Development License on the Supported Architecture 
Family, solely for the licensed Named Users located at each Development 
Location and specified as licensed for such Tools in such Exhibit or 
Quote. Customer will use license management technology in the Tools to 
assign each Development License to a Named User and no other User may 
use the copy of the Tools designated for that Development License 
without the prior written consent of Wind River; except, however, that 
Customer may (a) transfer a Named User Development License from one 
Named User to another individual if the Named User has left Customer's 
business, and is replaced by another Named User, or (b) make legal name 
changes or network UserID changes to the Named User profile information, 
subject to notification to Wind River submitted to Wind River's email 
alias (CustomerReports@windriver.com);

OR

2.3. for Node-Lock User Development Licenses, to reproduce, access and 
use one (1) copy of the Tools per Development License, solely on the 
number of "Node-locked hosts" licensed and located at each Development 
Location and specified as licensed for such Tools in such Exhibit A or 
Quote.  For purposes of this Agreement, the "Node" means the host 
computer where both the Tools and license management file are physically 
installed.

3. GENERAL RESTRICTIONS. 3.1. General.  Tools are provided to Customer 
in Object Code and are intended for Customer's internal use in 
developing applications in accordance with the Development License and 
not for distribution. Except as expressly permitted by this Tools 
Agreement, Customer will not, nor permit any third party to: (a) for 
Floating User Development Licenses: (i) permit access to or use of the 
Tools in excess of the quantity of concurrent Floating Users set forth 
in the applicable Exhibit or Quote; (ii) transfer any Floating User 
Development License from a Development Location in one country to a 
Development Location in another country; or (iii) allow one Floating 
User in one country to access the Tools from a licensed server in 
another country; (b) for Named User Development License, permit 
concurrent access to or use of a single copy of the Tools for any Named 
User Development License, or access or use by anyone other than the 
Named User assigned to the Development License, as set forth in the 
applicable Exhibit or Quote; (c) for Node-Lock User Development 
Licenses, install the Tools on more than the quantity of licensed Nodes 
set forth in the applicable Exhibit or Quote; (d) translate, reverse 
engineer, decompile, disassemble (except to the extent applicable laws 
specifically prohibit such restriction) or attempt to derive the Source 
Code of any Tools Object Code provided to Customer; (e) reproduce the 
Tools other than as specified in the applicable license grant set forth 
in Section 2 (License Grants); (f) sublicense, rent, lease, loan, 
timeshare, sell, distribute, disclose, publish, assign or transfer any 
rights, grant a security interest in, transfer possession of the Tools, 
or electronically transfer the Tools from one computer to another except 
over Customer's internal network pursuant to Section 3.2 (Network 
Access); (g) modify, distribute or otherwise use the Tools in any manner 
that causes any portion of the Tools that is not already subject to Open 
Source License to become subject to the terms of any Open Source 
License; or (h) alter or remove any of Wind River's or its licensors' 
copyright or proprietary rights notices or legends appearing on or in 
the Tools.  Customer will reproduce such notices on any copies of the 
Tools Customer is permitted to make. Customer will inform all Users of 
the restrictions set forth in this Tools Agreement with respect to use 
of the Tools.

3.2. Network Access.  Floating and Named Users who have a unique network 
log-in (e.g., NT or Unix log-in) may access the Tools from a secure 
network server located at the Development Location over a secure VPN or 
equivalent secure network.  Within thirty (30) days following Wind 
River's written request, Customer will disclose to Wind River the 
Development Location of each network from which Tools will be accessed.  
Node-Lock Users will not remotely access the licensed node, where 
"remote access" means any access to the node other than being physically 
present at the host computer.

3.3. Third Party Software. The Tools licensed under this Tools Agreement 
may contain or be derived from materials of third party licensors such 
as materials subject to an Open Source Licenses ("Third Party 
Software"). Such third party materials may be subject to restrictions in 
addition to those listed in this Section 3 (General Restrictions), which 
restrictions, if any, are set forth in the third party notice file that 
accompanies the Tools. Customer acknowledges and agrees that its use of 
Third Party Software is subject to its compliance with any such 
additional terms.

3.4 Copies.  Customer may make a reasonable number of copies of the 
Tools for archival purposes or for use as a back-up.  Customer must copy 
all copyright legends, trademarks, trade names, and other legends on any 
copies of the Tools.

4. KEYS AND ACCESS. Wind River will provide Customer those keys that are 
reasonably necessary to permit Customer to gain access to the licensed 
Tools. Any technology, ideas, know how, documentation, processes, 
algorithms, and trade secrets disclosed to Customer by Wind River in 
connection with or as embodied in the Tools and keys shall be considered 
"Confidential Information" as defined in the Agreement. Customer will 
disclose such keys solely to authorized Users of the Tools.  The Tools 
also contains license management technology intended to cause the Tools 
to cease operating upon expiration or termination of the license.  
Customer will not circumvent the license management technology, or any 
other security devices, access logs, or other protective measures 
provided with the Tools or permit or assist any User or any third party 
to do the same.  The license management technology and any other 
protective measures in the Tools are included solely as a matter of 
administrative convenience, and Customer has no right or license in or 
to such protective measures.  Customer will be invoiced for any 
additional Users who access the Tools and will pay any such invoice in 
accordance with Section 6 (Delivery, Payment and Taxes) of the 
Agreement.  Customer will follow the recommended installation procedures 
for each Tools product licensed under this Tools Agreement.
  
5. DEFINITIONS. In addition to the terms in initial capitalized letters 
defined elsewhere in this Agreement, the following terms in initial 
capitalized letters have the respective meanings set forth below:


5.1. "Development License" means the right of a User to use certain 
Tools pursuant to Section 2 (License Grants) of this Tools Agreement. 
The Development License type and quantity will be specified in an 
Exhibit or Quote.
   
5.2. "Development Location" means the geographic address of each 
Customer site or facility where the Tools are authorized to be installed 
and used in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.  Customer's 
Development Location(s) will be specified in an Exhibit A or Quote.

5.3. "Floating User" means any User who may access and use the Tools 
pursuant to Section 2.1 (Floating User Development License).

5.4. "Named User" means any User who uses the Tools pursuant to Section 
2.2 (Named User Development License).

5.5. "Node-Lock User" means any User who uses the Tools pursuant to 
Section 2.3 (Node-Lock User Development License).

5.6. "Supported Architecture Family" means the target architecture 
family or families then-supported by Wind River on which Customer may 
use the Tools pursuant to this Agreement, as specified in an Exhibit or 
Quote.

5.7. "User" means a Customer employee or independent contractor who (a) 
is based at a Development Location, (b) will utilize the Tools on behalf 
of Customer, and (c) has signed a confidentiality agreement with 
Customer in which such employee or independent contractor agrees to 
protect third party confidential information with terms no less 
stringent than those set forth herein.  A User may be either: a Floating 
User, Named User or Node-Lock User, as such terms are further defined in 
Section 2 (License Grants). For the avoidance of doubt, a User will be 
deemed to have utilized the Tools if such User has accessed or used any 
portion of the Tools, including without limitation, to accomplish the 
goal of, or which results in, any of the following: (a) developing 
Customer products, including without limitation, software systems, 
devices, applications or API code, as further specified in Section 
2.1(License Grants); (b) using Tools to compile any code; or other 
similar engineering activity or result.


                 APPENDIX B - WIND RIVER LINUX PLATFORM
                      PRODUCT EVALUATION TERMS

1. SCOPE. These terms govern Customer's rights and obligations with 
respect to Products which are for Customer's limited evaluation purposes 
("Evaluation Software"). These terms shall supersede any conflicting 
provisions of the Agreement with respect to the Evaluation Software.

2. LICENSE GRANTS. The following license terms and conditions set forth 
in this Section 2 (and no other terms) will solely apply to Customer's 
use of Evaluation Software:

2.1. Evaluation License. Subject to Customer's compliance with the terms 
and conditions of the Agreement, Appendix A and this Appendix B, Wind 
River hereby grants to Customer a restricted, personal, 
non-transferable, non-exclusive, internal-use license, for a thirty (30) 
day period from the Effective Date ("Evaluation Term") to: (i) use the 
Tools solely at the Development Location agreed to in writing by the 
parties and solely for the purpose of internally evaluating the Products 
and not for any other purpose (including without limitation, commercial 
or production purposes); and (ii) reproduce the Tools for archive 
purposes, consistent with Customer's standard archive procedures.
 
2.2. Feedback. Customer may disclose any results of any evaluation of 
the Products including, without limitation, Customer's opinions, 
observations, comments, criticisms and suggested improvements, whether 
in written or oral form (herein, "Feedback") from its evaluations only 
to Wind River.  Should Customer provide Wind River with Feedback, Wind 
River will have the right to use such Feedback and related information 
in any manner it deems appropriate.
 
2.3. LIMITED OBLIGATIONS. CUSTOMER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT WIND RIVER HAS NO 
OBLIGATION TO PROVIDE SUPPORT OR MAINTENANCE FOR THE EVALUATION 
SOFTWARE. IN NO EVENT WILL WIND RIVER'S AGGREGATE CUMULATIVE LIABILITY 
FOR ANY CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO EVALUATION OF THE PRODUCTS 
EXCEED $50.00.

---
Linux Click Wrap Rev Feb 2016
